Hey welcome back! Let's explore how Unity,
your File System, and your Integrated Development
Environment interrelate, so if we open up
Unity again, then it may open up into a recent
project, the project you first created, it
may not, it depends on whether you created
a project before. So, in my case, my project
was created in Documents, New Unity Project.
Now, that's going to be pretty common place
for this first project you created in the
previous video, to be created. So, Documents,
New Unity Project. You can just say Select
Folder and it will open, OK that's great.
So, that's one way of doing it. Another way,
another thing that I should tell you is that
you can move. If we go to the Documents Folder,
we can move this New Unity Project. Once Unity
is closed, we can move it elsewhere, so maybe
the Desktop, or better, I'm actually going
to get organized and I suggest you do as well.
I'm going to, under My Documents, put a folder
called Repos, for reasons, which will come
clear much much later in the course, but within
that, I'm going to then make myself a folder
called Unity Course or just Unity. And then,
in there I'm going to put the New Unity Project.
OK, so now it's there. Now, again if you open
Unity it's going to say where is it? And we're
going to point it to it, so I'm just going
to go and find Documents, Repos, Unity, the
project folder, select the folder and we're
good to go. OK! So, that's how the project
folder works. Let me show you how scripts
are saved. Now, right click down in Assets.
Now, if for any reason you're interface doesn't
look like this, at the top right you can go
to Layout and then Default. You see that,
Layout and Default. You click that and it'll
come back to this Default Layout. So, right
click and go to create C# script. I'm going
to leave it with this Default name and just
hit Return. OK, this is a script called New
Behavior. Now, where is it? Let's have a look
back at our File System. In this new Unity
project folder, under Assets, we have a New
Behavior Script.cs. OK, and that's being created
for us, so that's where it is. Now, when in
Unity we double click, it's going to open
MonoDevelop. You don't edit scripts in Unity,
you edit them in MonoDevelop and here it is.
And if I make some changes to that script,
you can do what you like in here, just write
Hello at the bottom or something. That's not
valid code, but we're not dealing with coding
yet. I want to show you that this little dot
here changes from a cross to a dot, to say
that this script isn't saved, so right now,
before I save on my disk... Let me just get
back to my disk. This file has not changed
OK, we have to save it to the disk with File
and Save or Save All, and then, back in Unity
you can see my word Hello has come up in the
preview here and this file has changed. So,
we create scripts in Unity, so that it knows
where they are, and if we need to delete them,
which I'm going to go ahead and do, delete
that script because it's absolutely rubbish.
You delete them in Unity, but as you'll see
in the section notes, which you can download
from the welcome video, if you want to rename
scripts you do that inside the script, and
if you want to edit inside MonoDevelop rather,
and if you want to edit scripts, you also
do that in MonoDevelop. So, the bottom line
here is we create scripts in Unity, we delete
scripts in Unity, and then, we edit and rename
scripts over in our development environment.
OK, that's the bottom line for you. So, that's
how those three things relate. Now, do go
and get your Unity project folders organized,
close Unity, go find where it's stored. In
my case Repos, oops wrong one, Unaflight is
a good game though. Unity and then there's
your project and you can even rename it. This
is you know, I don't know, First Test Project.
That will all work just fine, it's just that
when you open Unity next, it'll go where has
it gone? You just point it at it and the project
reopens. Fantastic! So, hopefully you now
know how to open and close Unity projects
and where the script files will be saved and
that you should be creating and deleting scripts
in here, where we'll be editing and renaming
them in the IDE. So, that's it! Now, in the
next video, Brice is going to be talking you
through the Unity Editor, for the first time.
So, settle down, enjoy Brice talking you through
that, and I will see you soon!